We the Advanto believe in Training people with the latest Technologies and Tools which are mandatory for the growth of an organization. We are into Corporate training since past 3+yrs and have completed 40+ Training Assignments successfully. 

The companies that have conceded our services are MNC's/ Mid Size companies Across India. 

We have Trainers who have got 10+ yrs of Industrial Experience and 8+ years of Training Experience. The Trainers are well known for their versatility. Sharing Knowledge with reasonable wealth is what we deem.

Courses we offer: 
•	Software Testing Track : -
o	Manual/Automation  Testing ,
o	Selenium (Basic/ Advance)

For more enqury, visit:
http://advantosoftware.com/courses/software-testing-course-in-pune.html

Benefits Of Software Testing:
•	Since software testing helps in identifying and fixing bugs before the software becomes operational, the risk of failure can be reduced considerably. Once live operations begin, the cost can go haywire and fixing bugs at that point can be damaging to the entire software.
•	Any software does not necessarily work alone. Sometimes it has to integrate and function with other existing legacy systems, as need be. In such cases software testing gives a much needed assurance that it will work suitably and its performance won’t get affected due to the integration.
•	Software testing is carried out keeping the end user in mind. With a foresight for the scenarios that the end user will possibly face, tests are carried out and their accuracy and efficiency are duly noted for any discrepancies. Hence, it is assured that the end users, for who the solution is designed, will be able to productively operate it.
•	Software testing is a part of the software development process. It performs a root cause analysis for which helps in making it more efficient. Possible areas of software development are detected for their improvement.

For All information,visit website:
http://advantosoftware.com

Regards, 
Anand K.
Email : anandk@advantosoftware.com 

Adress:  Advanto Software Pvt Lt, Pune 
2nd Floor, Gurukul Bungalow, Sahavas Colony Rd,
Near Vikas Mitra Mandal-ICICI ATM, 
Karvenagar Chowk, Pune-52.
phone-020-6060 6789
